Previously on Wild Cards...
I started volunteering
at Hemsworth Prison.
We are gonna write.
Thank you for making this easy.
Me and Jessica.
Is that what we are? A family?
Look. Viv. I’m still
trying to process.
You are going
to steal us a diamond.
I know how we’re gonna
get the diamond out.
- How?
- With magic.
Classic.
What’s so funny?
Yeah. that one’s great.
What’s got
you guys giggling?
Oh!
Yeah. I’ve seen this.
Ellis. you gotta check this out.
Hmm?
- What am I looking at here?
- - Seriously?
You’ve never seen the video
of Walter the Capybara
eating an entire watermelon?
No. I must have
missed out on this
significant cultural moment.
Is it fun
living under a rock?
Yeah. you know what?
It is. actually.
It’s nice and shady.
What? The melons so big.
but he’s just this little guy.
Hey. everyone.
I’m collecting money for
the children’s hospital.
Anyone have some bucks
to throw in?
For the kids?
Hello?
What the hell’s going on?
Well. Walter is
a charming capybara.
lives in South America.
has a robust internet following.
and loves melons.
I’m talking about
all of you
buried in your cell phones
like zombies?
You didn’t even acknowledge
Officer Toni just now.
Hey. Toni.
- Hi. Toni.
- Sorry. Toni.
I’m just gonna leave this here.
Thank you. Toni.
Donation jar.
Look. Chief.
we got a little downtime.
Yates and I are still waiting
on ballistics to get back
on one of our cases.
Simmons. it’s about what
you do with your downtime.
Whatever happened
to connecting? Talking?
Making eye contact
with each other?
No offense. sir.
but you sound really elderly.
I mean. it’s bad.
Nobody asked.
Stop talking.
Max. Ellis. get down
to the waterfront.
A body just got pulled
from the water.
Yates. Simmons. find something
productive to do
with your downtime.
- Yep. Can do. sir.
- Copy that.
Doing it now.
Hey. have you seen
the Japanese weasel. Alfred?
Oh. I love that little weasel.
You ever seen him in a tuxedo?
Now!
In plastic jars.
Silence ferments.
Sharp rebellion.
Masked intents.
Sip of freedom.
Harsh and raw.
Taste of night.
Beyond the law.
Thanks for sharing that. Ralph.
Who knew prison hooch
could be so poetic.
So anyone else want
to share anything?
Tell us what you wrote about
or even get something
off your chest?
Paul’s got something to say.
Come on. man.
He’s getting released
and he’s freaking out.
You want to talk about it. Paul?
They told me yesterday
I’m getting out next week.
It’s not supposed to be
another few years. even.
Now. don’t think
I’m not grateful. guys.
I know I’m lucky.
I just thought I’d have
more time to. you know.
get ready to go face things.
But now I gotta leave.
get a place. get a job.
Avoid all the bad things
from my past life.
Reconnect with the good.
How does anybody do that?
You’ve done it. George.
You’re out.
How you doing?
Me? Well...
the first time you wake up
and you realize
the day is yours feels like
winning the lottery.
I mean. sure. it’s work.
Finding a place. finding a job.
But it’s also freedom.
Real freedom.
And what could
be better than that?
So how am I doing?
I’m doing great.
And you will too.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
He was pulled from
the water early this morning.
A male in his 30’s.
How long
has he been dead for?
Hard to say. given he’s been
in the water for a while.
A week. maybe?
Did he drown?
Nope. He was shot.
One bullet went right through.
the other still in his body.
The bruising indicates the
body was dumped in the water.
but the weird part?
He’s short an index finger.
- It’s a recent cut.
- Is there any way
the finger could have been
cut off in the past week?
Maybe by the current
or something in the water?
It’s a clean cut.
Likely done with shears.
maybe bolt cutters.
So you’re saying the finger
was cut off intentionally?
That’s exactly what I’m saying.
Is it too soon
for a "pull my finger" joke?
Our victim. Cornelius Cooper.
We matched the body
to a missing persons report
filed by his sister
about a month ago.
Does the sister have any leads?
No. She lives out of town.
When she found out
his cell phone was deactivated.
she called his work.
Turns out he quit weeks ago.
Yeah. the guy’s got
no partner and zero friends.
He worked at a tech startup
called SociaScope.
Okay. you and Ellis
bring the boss in.
- See what you can find out.
- Got it.
Simmons. Yates.
dig into Cornelius’s past.
Check in with organized crime.
See if the missing finger
fits any mob M.O.’s
All right. you got it.
Hey. Ronan.
Thanks for coming in.
Hey. My pleasure.
Now. you were Cornelius’s boss
at SociaScope. is that right?
Yeah. Man. I can’t believe
Cornelius was murdered.
How long have you been
CEO at SociaScope?
Oh. I got the idea in my
sophomore year of college.
A year and 100 million
in venture capital later. and...
SociaScope was born.
So what is SociaScope?
SociaScope aggregates
your social media
to automate messages
to your friends in your voice.
so you don’t have to keep up
with conversations
or birthday greetings
ever again.
It maintains your relationships
at the touch of a button.
Well. it’s not you.
It’s an app.
Well. the app is you.
Can you tell us more
about Cornelius?
- What was he like?
- Real tech savant.
He perfected an algorithm
to keep people
on the app 33 percent longer.
Total game changer.
Cornelius would have been set
for life here if he hadn’t...
you know. gone off the deep end.
What do you mean.
"the deep end"?
Well. first he stopped
coming in to the office.
working more from home.
and dropped the ball
on some major presentations.
And one day he sends an
email to the whole company.
A 50-page mission statement.
- What was in it?
- Basically. it was like
"SociaScope is evil".
blah blah blah.
"It’s driving people apart".
He sent this to everyone.
Well. sounds like he went
full-blown Jerry Maguire.
- Who’s that?
- Are you serious?
"Who’s coming with me?"
"You complete me."
"You had me at hello."
Forget it.
Can you think of anybody
who might have wanted
to kill Cornelius?
No clue.
He was a pretty chill dude.
other than his big.
weird document.
Speaking of which. we’re
gonna need a copy of that.
"The digital world
"has disconnected us under
the guise of connection.
"Big tech has made us more
isolated and alone than ever."
I don’t disagree.
We’re all way
too glued to our phones.
Oh. Here’s something.
He also mentions a woman
named Celeste Rainier.
Looks like she started
a group called The Apiary.
An apiary is
a collection of beehives
sharing resources
and cooperating with each other.
And the great queen bee
rules them all.
For bees. connection is key.
but as humans.
we’ve become disconnected.
isolated because of technology.
I’m Celeste Rainier.
and I used to be just like you.
Lonely. Depressed. Unsure.
I worked in tech.
contributing to the devolution
of society.
but longing for connection.
And that’s why
I started The Apiary.
Yeah. I’d swipe right on her.
- Yates.
- What?
She’s foxy. sir.
and I have eyes.
Okay. What exactly is
The Apiary?
Uh. they call themselves
a digital detox retreat.
They claim to help people
reconnect away from technology.
According to Cornelius’s
financial records.
he joined six months ago
and transferred
his savings to them.
Yeah. Last month. he moved
into their compound full time.
That sounds fishy.
Yeah. that’s what
we thought too.
So we did a little digging.
Tess Harwell. a former member.
she’s trying to sue Celeste
and The Apiary.
Why?
Tess thinks The Apiary is...
a cult.
If it is. in fact. a cult.
there’s guaranteed
sex stuff going on.
Okay. we’ll take this one
off your hands.
Sit down.
Ellis. Max. bring in Tess.
Get the full story.
Hey. if you all need backup.
you know where to find me.
- Yeah.
- Sorry. Yeah.
How did you become
a member of The Apiary?
I used to work in tech.
I’d code for 16 hours a day.
then go home
and scroll all night.
I mean. I had thousands
of digital connections.
but no real friends.
When I joined The Apiary.
I thought
I’d get back to nature.
Forge real human connections.
And at first I did.
How does The Apiary work.
exactly?
Well. there
are different levels.
You start off as a drone.
The hope is that you will
ascend to worker level.
Those are the members of
Celeste’s inner circle.
Let me guess.
Celeste is the queen bee?
Is she ever.
Everyone treats her
like she’s a god.
They’re desperate to ascend
to worker level.
And how does that
exactly happen?
Well. it’s almost random.
Maybe they prove
their loyalty to Celeste.
or maybe they donate
to The Apiary.
Or maybe they excel
in the workshops.
What kind of workshops?
Like watercolour class or...?
It varies.
Some workshops are innocuous
team-building exercises.
Some workshops are more intense.
How so?
Some of them involve pain.
There’s one with hot coals.
another with ice water.
They say these weed out
the non devout.
but really it’s just a way
of controlling people.
Because trust me.
In there. you...
you want Celeste’s approval.
I ended up forking over
all of my life savings.
hoping that she would
look at me favorably.
You were brainwashed.
You mentioned things happening
at night.
What do you mean?
You aren’t allowed to leave
your lodging after curfew.
They say it’s to get a good
sleep. but really.
it’s so Celeste
and the worker bees
can meet in secret.
- How did you know that?
- Because
one night I snuck out
and I followed them
to the meeting house.
I heard them talking about
some sort of mission.
They called it a harvest.
but Kurt caught me
before I could find out more.
- Who’s Kurt?
- Celeste’s right-hand man.
He’s technically a worker bee.
but she trusts him
more than anyone.
He’s been with her
from the start.
And what happened
when he found you?
I snapped.
I told him there
are sketchy things going on.
and someone ought to find out
what they’re doing in there.
He kicked me out on the spot.
Now. in your time there.
did you ever run into someone
named Cornelius Cooper?
I didn’t.
Is he a member?
Not anymore.
He was found dead.
Oh my God.
Wait. you think...
they killed him?
Well. we’re still early
in our investigation.
but hopefully
the information you just shared
will help us figure that out.
Well. if you want
to question them. forget it.
Celeste has a hold on everyone.
even the people who have left.
I’ve been building
a civil suit for months.
and no one is willing to talk.
Or they’re too afraid.
The only way to find out what’s
going on is from the inside.
Yeah. Everything’s
trucking along.
Prison support
group is going well.
Life is. you know. life-ing.
Okay.
But tell me. George.
How are you?
Me?
Well. I got no complaints.
Everything’s great.
Really?
Of course.
It’s just that
I’ve noticed that
whenever we talk.
you reassure me
how great everything is.
But you’re still adjusting
to life on the outside.
People often feel
profound disconnection
while they readjust.
I just want you to know that
as your parole officer.
I’m not just here to keep you
on the straight and narrow.
I’m also an ear.
Well. thanks. But--
You might feel
you need to be great.
you know. for all the people
in your life.
But me? I don’t need that.
I just need you to be George.
All right. Tess was right.
Yates and I went out
to The Apiary’s property.
and we got stonewalled.
Even former members
we tracked down.
They won’t talk to us.
But they all collectively
seemed very freaked out.
Don’t they have to talk to us?
We’re the police?
The Apiary’s essentially
made itself into a church.
They can claim religious
freedoms to protect themselves.
Yeah. but that
only goes so far. legally.
I mean. even at entry level.
we know they’re doing
nefarious things.
Imagine what’s happening
behind closed doors.
You’re right. Skin branding.
Kool-Aid drinking.
cannibalism.
Celeste might have eaten
Cornelius’s finger
with fava beans
and a nice Chianti.
Look. it’s like Tess said.
The only shot of getting
evidence against them
is to go in. become people
that Celeste can trust.
Are you saying what
I think you’re saying?
That’s right.
I think it’s time
we join a cult.
- Let’s go!
- Not you.
Fine.
♪ Here’s to the one
who came out for love ♪
♪ Love me ♪
♪ Isn’t it the one? ♪
♪ All little things
come back now to haunt me ♪
♪ Isn’t it the one? ♪
Ah. It’s like
the first day of school.
Except instead of school
it’s a maybe murderous cult.
So game plan?
Right. Game plan.
Connect with Apiary members.
find anyone who knew Cornelius
and see what information
we can get from them.
See if anyone’s missing
any critical digits?
Right. but we gotta
be careful. okay?
We don’t know what these
people are capable of.
But more importantly.
let’s discuss our characters.
Because I made a change to mine.
I’m Beth. a nervous.
introverted geek
who’s desperate for community.
That’s what you said you were
going as.
What did you change?
I changed my glasses.
These ones are much cuter.
Don’t you think?
Oh. yeah. Huge difference.
It’s all about the details.
What did you say your
character name was again? Helen?
Dylan.
Single father.
out of sorts since my divorce.
searching for meaning.
Oh. Sad dad. Good call.
Okay. break.
Hello and welcome to The Apiary.
I’m Kurt. and this is Fiona.
On behalf of Celeste.
I’m honoured
to welcome you to our community.
To start. you must relinquish
your phones to Fiona.
This is a core tenant
of The Apiary.
Congratulations.
You have all taken
the first step to freedom.
Now. the men will follow me
to your lodgings.
and the women
will go with Fiona.
This way. ladies.
Take it all in.
Breathe.
You’ve come
here seeking renewal.
because you knew
deep down
that a better way existed.
And that better way
is here at The Apiary.
Here are the men’s lodgings.
For those of you that opted
for a private sanctuary.
you’ll find them to the left.
Oh! I have one of those.
Oh. sorry.
I’ll shut up.
I’m just really excited.
It’s okay.
It’s a lot of stimulation
arriving here.
especially for people who spend
most of their time alone.
Guilty as charged.
The workshops introduce you
to The Apiary’s way of life.
This is to ensure
that you experience
the proper benefits
of sleep hygiene.
Any questions?
It all sounds really great.
Good.
Over here.
If you’ve opted
for a private sanctuary.
you will find those to the left.
Yeah. That’s me.
As per your signed
community agreement.
it is forbidden
for you to exit
your lodging after curfew.
Please change immediately
and proceed
to your welcome session.
Ah. What do you think
the hold-up is?
It’s taking a while.
Are we even in the right spot?
I don’t want them to get mad at
us for being in the wrong place.
I wonder if there’s a spa here.
I could sure use
a facial extraction.
Or a massage. Or a colonic.
Hopefully not at the same time.
I really like these outfits.
They’re very... yellow.
Shh!
Welcome everyone.
I am Celeste.
It is such an honour
to welcome my new brood.
And congratulations!
You have just completed
your first Apiary workshop.
I know what you’re thinking.
Weren’t we just waiting?
And you’re right.
It wasn’t so easy. was it?
Did some of you
experience fidgeting?
Tapping? Mindless chattering?
Ah.
We have a winner. do we?
I’m just really nervous.
And when I get nervous.
I ramble.
And when I start rambling.
I just can’t stop.
Like right now?
Yeah. exactly. Sorry.
No need to apologize.
These are signs
of digital withdrawal.
Without even knowing it.
you’re constantly seeking
another dopamine hit.
It’s an addiction.
Like drugs or alcohol.
Think about when you were
a young child.
You were living in the moment.
You weren’t thinking about
recording it
for a social media post.
Now ask yourself this.
Were you happier
living in the moment?
That’s why you came
to The Apiary.
To find that person again.
You will experience
some discomfort at first.
but soon you will discover
true peace.
And I will help you heal.
if you’ll let me.
Now. proceed
to your next workshop.
and welcome to The Apiary.
Celeste sure knows how to win
over a crowd.
That’s for sure.
I’d drink her Kool-Aid.
All right.
I’m gonna focus on Kurt.
Celeste’s right-hand man.
See what I can find out.
Okay. I got Fiona.
Let’s call it
Operation Minion Mingle.
So what’s this workshop
supposed to help with?
Well. because of technology.
we’ve lost the ability
to look each other in the eye.
This helps us get reacquainted
with each other’s essence.
What brought you
to The Apiary. Fiona?
I used to code for a dating app.
We reduce humans to data points.
and it felt... awful.
So then when I joined
The Apiary.
it was like someone
had turned all the lights on.
And I had no idea
how lost I was until then.
And you like it here?
You feel safe?
Of course.
I experienced joy now
in a way I have never before.
You’ll feel it soon. too.
It’s pretty cool
that so many people here
used to work in tech.
We’ve all seen from the
inside how tech is ruining us.
It’s time to take
responsibility and change it.
Makes sense.
I mean. I heard of The Apiary
from someone who works in tech
at a conference.
I think his name was...
Cornelius?
I do not know that name.
You’ve reached five minutes.
Five minutes of having
your hand submerged in water
ten degrees below freezing.
The night Celeste stepped away
from the tech world.
she felt driven mad
by disconnection.
Suddenly. she prepared a bowl
of water just as cold as this
and submerged her hand.
And in the searing pain.
she saw the truth
of what she must do.
Start The Apiary.
Jeff. you have chosen
not to complete the exercise.
I came here to stop
being on my phone.
Not to get frostbite.
If you can’t confront
the searing pain of truth.
you’re welcome to leave. Jeff.
You know what?
Screw this.
It’s a gift when the unfaithful
make themselves known.
Now. it is time
to get at the truth.
Dylan. do you want to quit
like Jeff. or continue?
I’ll continue.
Good. Now please tell us.
Why have you come to The Apiary?
I’ve been pretty lost ever
since my divorce was finalized
A couple of weeks ago
it was my seven-year-old’s
basketball game.
And uh. well.
I was on my phone
and all of a sudden.
the crowd started cheering.
So I looked up and...
he just scored his first basket.
I missed it.
And he knew I missed it.
As a parent. you just
you don’t get those
memories back. you know?
Your escapism caused you
to let him down.
Yeah. So anyway. I ran into
an old high school buddy
the other day. and he told me
about The Apiary.
It sounded like it was
exactly what I needed.
Actually. I thought
I might find him here.
He might be.
What’s his name?
Cornelius Cooper.
I don’t know that name.
That concludes this session.
You may remove your hands.
We now enter an open period
where you are encouraged
to build new neural pathways
by interacting
with your community.
So take this time to connect
with your Apiary members.
Have you met someone
named Cornelius?
I do not know that name.
I know someone named Cornelius.
Have you seen him here?
I do not know that name.
Do you know someone
named Cornelius?
I do not know that name.
His name is Cornelius.
Have you seen him here?
I do not know that name.
Uh. Excuse me.
Why do you have to bring
me over here to make a scene?
To not be
in front of everybody.
So just talk to me right now.
I’m talking to you.
I don’t know what
you want me to say.
I want you
to tell me the truth!
What is your problem?
I don’t know.
I don’t want to do it. okay?
It’s too soon.
Okay. If you’re doubtful. you
need to raise your concerns
to Celeste
at the meeting tonight.
- I’m not doubtful.
- - Then enough!
Get back to work.
Did you have to pick
the most treacherous
meeting spot possible?
I saw four snakes
on the way here.
You did not see
four snakes.
Four twigs that looked
like snakes. but still.
There’s cameras everywhere
except for right here.
I noticed that.
- How was your first workshop?
- No finger chopping.
It was more high school
drama class than Jonestown.
- How about you?
- Yeah.
They made us put our arms
in ice cold water.
and then
they kicked this guy out
’cause he couldn’t
take it anymore.
The mind games begin.
Yeah. Oh. but after. I overheard
Kurt and Fiona talking.
Fiona said something about
something being too soon.
So then Kurt told her to bring
it up at some meeting tonight.
Think it was a meeting
of the worker bees?
Sounds like it.
Okay. well. how about Cornelius?
Every person I asked about him
said "I do not know that name".
Wait. did they say
it just like that?
Yep. Every single one of them.
Just like me.
Someone’s telling
them to say that.
You think they’re brainwashed?
I don’t know. but we need to
check out that meeting tonight.
Okay. but first. I need
to get to the property line.
Li kept insisting that we
have a way of communicating.
so I had Simmons bury
a burner phone out there.
Okay. I’ll be right back.
Just stay in your tent.
What did people
do before phones?
Ellis. where are you?
Cult leader and minions spotted
going to a secret meeting.
Okay.
You are my worker bees.
My faithful inner circle.
But I can feel you questioning.
Why did this happen?
Why. Cornelius?
So they do know Cornelius.
I feel your pain.
So let’s take a moment.
Let us close our eyes.
Max! Max?
Cornelius. we remember you.
Your strength.
your wit. your dedication.
You were a diligent worker bee
who wanted your hive to thrive.
And we thank you
for your sacrifice.
and for the bounty
that you left behind.
Let us open our eyes.
Cornelius’s sacrifice
cannot be in vain.
Tomorrow’s harvest will go
forward as planned.
And Kurt. my most trusted
friend and advisor.
you will take Cornelius’s place.
I would be honoured.
my queen.
Guess we know who the teacher’s
pet is. don’t we. Kurt?
What are you doing?
What do you think you’re doing?
Would you believe I needed
to borrow a cup of sugar?
You’re not supposed to be
outside of
your lodging at night.
Fiona. why is everyone
pretending
they don’t know who
Cornelius is?
Including you.
You knew him. didn’t you?
I more than knew him.
We were in love.
But why did you tell me
you didn’t know that name?
That’s what we’re told to say.
When someone leaves. they
no longer exist to us.
But Cornelius didn’t
just leave. did he?
What happened to him?
Fiona. I know you’re scared.
but you can trust me.
I want to help.
I did something... terrible.
I...
You need to leave now.
Meet me at the greenhouse
in an hour.
It’s been over an hour.
She’s not coming. Max.
I hope she’s okay.
What if they chopped off
her finger? Or worse?
At this point. she probably
ratted you out.
You should have just stayed
in the tent like I told you to.
At least now we know Cornelius
was here.
Look. Fiona said that she
did something terrible. right?
If she did kill Cornelius.
maybe she got cold feet
about confessing.
Well. she does have
Manson groupie energy.
Oh. and that harvest
is happening tomorrow.
We need to find out
what that is.
I think it’s time
we leapfrog these minions
and get in with
the head honcho. Celeste.
Okay. How do you suggest
we do that?
Allow me to refer to
The Art of War .
Enlighten me. please.
Sun Tzu says attacking
your opponent’s city
isn’t nearly as effective
as weakening
your opponent’s alliances.
- Kurt.
- Bingo.
Except Kurt worships Celeste.
He even calls her his queen.
Which you’re more than welcome
to call me. by the way.
Don’t hold your breath.
Okay. You got any ideas?
Of course.
Pass me your phone.
You got Candy crush
on this thing?
No. just the one with a snake.
Good morning. Beth.
Celeste! Hi!
There you are.
Watching me sleep.
Why?
Let’s take a walk.
Um. hey.
Look. my stomach’s been
a little off since last night.
so. uh. if it’s cool with you.
I think I might just
sit this one out.
I don’t know which end
it’s coming out of. you know?
Let us know
if you need anything.
Okay. Thanks.
You know. I have been
all over the world.
Nothing beats the culinary
simplicity of a street dog.
Amen.
I am glad you called me. George.
What’s on your mind?
Well. I was thinking about
what you said.
and. um. if you want
to know the truth.
I’ve been living a lie.
What do you mean?
I haven’t been honest
with myself.
Or you.
But I stand up there in
front of my counselling group.
preaching like some
prison Socrates.
about hope and resilience
and second chances.
It’s all very blue sky.
and they lap it up.
Well. that’s good. George.
They need that.
But it’s all BS.
You see. I’ve always
been a planner.
I’ve needed everything planned
out to the last detail.
That’s how you run
a successful con.
A successful life.
So then I walk out
of those prison gates
and nothing’s running to plan.
Everything’s topsy-turvy.
If this was a con.
it would be a disaster.
George. adjusting takes work.
It’s hard.
Yeah. but I feel like I’m lying
to the guys inside.
Like I’m a fraud.
You’re not a fraud.
you’re a human.
The fact that you can
show these guys hope
while at the same time
still struggling
with your own challenges?
That’s not lying.
That’s leadership.
- Or hypocrisy.
- No. It’s honesty.
And if you can let them
see both sides.
the man who doubts
and the man who believes.
you give them something real.
You want some gum?
Oh. yeah. Thanks.
You make it all sound so simple.
Yeah. Yeah. it is simple.
Huh.
Doesn’t mean it’s easy. though.
Beth. do you know why I named
our movement The Apiary?
I figured you
just really liked bees.
It’s about what bees represent.
Their focus is on the growth
of the whole community.
And wouldn’t the world be
a better place
if we all lived like that?
Absolutely.
Beth. I know you came here
seeking connection
and community.
and we welcomed you in.
And I really appreciate that.
Then why did you break my rules
and go out
after curfew last night?
How did you find out?
Fiona mentioned
that she had run into you.
Is she okay?
I haven’t seen her since then.
She’s had a tough time recently.
She’s resting.
I know you were spying
on the meeting house.
Why?
I don’t want to get anyone
in trouble.
Beth. you can trust me.
The question is.
can I trust you?
I heard something outside
my tent.
so I went to go check it out.
And that’s when I saw that
Dylan guy talking to someone.
Who is he speaking with?
Kurt.
Hello. Celeste. and... Beth.
Here he is.
Thank you.
Celeste. what is going on?
Beth. where did you say
that Kurt put the phone?
I do not have a phone.
Celeste. that is not mine.
No?
Try dialing the last number.
Good morning. City Gazette.
This is Dylan Smith’s desk.
How can I help you?
You’re a journalist.
Is this right?
I’ve been working
with Kurt for months
on an exposé on The Apiary.
That is a lie.
Do not believe him. Celeste.
It’s over. man.
We’re burned. Okay?
I’m so sorry. Celeste.
Kurt. how could you?
You’re gonna believe her
over me?
It’s done. man.
We tried and we failed--
Shut up!
Kurt.
I can’t believe
I ever trusted you.
None of it is true.
You know me.
I am Kurt.
I do not know that name.
All right. all right.
Who the hell are you?
Why are you doing this to me?
I’m a cop. dumbass.
I’m asking
the questions now. Kurt.
Who killed Cornelius?
I can’t believe
Kurt betrayed me.
How could I have missed that?
It’s not your fault.
You’re an amazing leader.
Kurt took advantage
of your generosity.
Thank you. Beth.
I am so grateful
my intuition led me to you.
Well. anything you need.
I’m here.
My queen.
I’m glad to hear that.
because I would like you
to take part
in tonight’s harvest.
Sure. What are we harvesting?
I’m not very good at gardening.
I’ve killed all my houseplants.
All will be revealed.
But for now. just know
that great things await you.
Kurt’s lawyered up.
He’s not talking.
Did you ask about
the cult sex?
No. I didn’t ask
about the cult sex.
And you call yourself
a detective. It’s wild.
What did you two
dig up about Kurt?
Yeah. well.
when Kurt met Celeste
he was working
at a tech company. too.
Shortly after he quit.
the company was broken into.
Thieves walked away with
half a million in crypto.
No arrests. no answers.
Then we looked
into Fiona
and her former company
was robbed just last week.
Over a million
in crypto was stolen.
But it’s digital currency.
Why physically break in
when you can just hack it?
The money is digital.
but the storage isn’t always.
It’s like a crypto wallet.
It’s a physical drive.
So if you put crypto
onto the wallet.
and you forget the password?
You’re done for.
That happened
to me once.
I bought 50 bucks worth
of crypto back in 2009.
Put it on one of those things.
Forgot the password.
I still have it at home.
I just use it as a paperweight.
Do you remember what
kind of crypto it was?
I think it was called like.
"small change" or
"teeny tiny money".
- Bitcoin?
- Bitcoin.
Yeah. That’s it.
Yates. that’s worth like
a lot of money right now.
Oh yeah. Maybe I’m rich.
Can we get back
to the case here.
Yeah. So tech companies
build walls.
internal servers
you can’t access
from outside the building.
It keeps the hackers out.
Yeah. like in the case of
Fiona’s former workplace.
Exactly. They got into
the building.
they got into the computers.
they transferred the money.
But they made one mistake.
They didn’t realize there
was an armed guard on duty.
They got away. but the security
guard got some shots off.
He thought he only hit the van.
- Was the van white?
- Yep.
The painted van that you found
matched the security guard’s
description.
Ballistics just came back
on the bullet you found.
Thanks. Okay.
The bullet from the van and
the one that killed Cornelius
both came from
the security guard’s gun.
So Cornelius was killed
by the security guard
and not by someone
in The Apiary.
Did Cornelius act alone?
Guard said there
was three of them.
Cornelius was one.
The other two.
most likely from The Apiary.
Okay. They kept talking about
a harvest happening tonight.
What if harvest is just
a code word for robbery?
Based on the pattern.
I’d say they’re at
one of the tech companies
they used to work for.
Cornelius used to
work for SociaScope.
- They haven’t been hit.
- Yeah. Yet.
I’m so honoured to be
doing this with you. Celeste.
But I’m curious.
Where are we going?
Beth. when I first created
The Apiary.
I was proud of what
we had accomplished
on the personal level.
but it wasn’t enough.
If I wanted to undo
the wrongs of the tech world.
I had to hurt them.
But they only care
about the bottom line.
So my worker bees and I
decided to hit these companies
where it hurts.
Their wallets.
So we’re gonna rob somebody?
Harvest.
We take from evil forces
to fund The Apiary’s good work.
We’re here.
Okay. so we’re gonna rob-
Sorry. "harvest"
the SociaScope offices. why?
Beth. let me tell you
the story of Cornelius.
our most faithful worker bee.
And just as Cornelius
was getting into the van.
he was shot by
the security guard.
He bled out quickly.
Well. that’s awful.
It is.
Cornelius was
dedicated to the cause.
Tonight we honour his sacrifice.
And there’s not any
security here tonight?
SociaScope operates entirely
on a digital security system.
He gave us the tools
to override that system.
He also cloned
his boss’s access card.
Shall we?
Now sit.
Enter password HX76B49.
It’s a crypto account
that can only be accessed
by this computer.
Its touch ID.
It won’t recognize
my fingerprints or yours.
No. it won’t.
But it will recognize
Cornelius’s fingerprint.
Why do you have
Cornelius’s finger?
Before Cornelius quit
at SociaScope.
he reprogrammed
the internal server
so that his fingerprint
would allow him access
to his boss’s personal
crypto account.
When Cornelius was killed.
we took emergency measures.
So you cut off
a dead dude’s finger?
I asked Fiona to do it.
She complied.
That’s the terrible thing
that Fiona did.
Now take the finger.
You want me to touch that thing?
If you want to ascend
to the next level
and become a member
of my inner circle.
you must complete this task.
Sorry. Cornelius.
Okay. It’s done.
Whoa. A lot of money
and no paper trail.
Now. transfer 20 million
crypto into this account.
- So?
- Almost.
And...
- Done.
- Great work.
Let’s go.
Don’t move!
Hands in the air now!
Celeste Rainier.
you’re under arrest.
Easy on her. fellas.
She’s had a long day
of exploiting people.
You traitor!
That’s what you get
for giving me the finger.
Hey. You okay?
Yeah. I’m fine. but...
do you have any hand sanitizer?
Yeah. I think I got some
in the car. Why?
Okay. ’cause I’m gonna
need a gallon of it.
I’m gonna bathe in it.
Good work. everyone.
The Apiary has officially
been shut down.
Where’s Fiona?
She’s fine.
We found her
in one of the staff houses
watching hours
of indoctrination videos.
It’s what Celeste
called "rejuvenation".
Look. I know she was
part of the robberies.
but she was brainwashed.
Can we just get her some help?
Yes. Definitely.
Our psychiatrist
is evaluating her now.
And Tess is talking
to other Apiary members
about her class action lawsuit.
Okay. that’s all well
and good. but. uh...
Come on.
was there seriously... no sex?
Oh my God. Yates. no.
There’s no sex. okay?
Damn it.
What kind of cult was this?
Amateur hour.
Great.
She’s gonna be grumpy all night
unless I get a chimichangas
and a beef dip.
You guys have a good night.
Yeah.
Look. uh.
Jess and I are gonna get
some Chinese food on the boat.
You wanna join?
Uh... yeah.
That’d be great.
Hey. Great idea setting up Kurt
to get close to Celeste.
And that was good work
figuring out where
they were gonna hit next.
It’s almost like we’re one mind.
Like a hive mind.
Maybe we should start a cult.
Yeah. I think I’ll pass
on that one.
Okay. fine.
I’ll start it with Marc.
We’ll be two supreme beings
ruling with an iron fist.
I’ve been
thinking about
what I tell you guys every week.
About second chances
and starting fresh.
I’ve been giving out
that advice
like it was candy
at Halloween.
But lately
I’ve been wondering...
do I even believe it?
See. the truth is.
out there.
I’ve been struggling.
and I couldn’t
admit it at first.
But then a friend of mine
said to me
"no one expects
you to be perfect.
they just expect you
to be honest."
Wisdom doesn’t come from
pretending you’ve got
everything all figured out.
It comes from admitting
that you don’t.
but moving forward anyway.
You see. it’s not about
never stumbling.
It’s about what we
do after we stumble.
Jess. we’re home!
We come bearing egg rolls!
Must have missed this message.
Jessica’s running late.
She says
to get started without her.
Oh. well. twist my rubber arm.
why don’t you?
Oh. Marc.
Hi. buddy.
Aww. his purrs.
Oh.
I missed you. Marc.
Awe.
It’s been a while since
you’ve been on the boat. huh?
You used to just
show up here all the time.
Yeah. well. things have changed.
What? Because of Jessica?
Not in a bad way.
I’m super happy
that you found her. but...
I know the deal.
I can’t just show up anymore.
So I might have
disconnected a little bit.
Look. I love Jessica. but
it doesn’t mean I should
have to choose between her
and my best friend.
I’m your best friend?
You’re my best friend. too.
Although. so is Ricky.
And George.
And. newly. my mom.
But a best friend
isn’t singular.
It’s like a tier. you know?
Just like Marc’s
right up there with you.
Right.
Oh. it’s Jessica.
Hold on.
Hello? Hey. you.
That- that is interesting. Huh.
Okay. Yeah.
I’ll see you later.
All right. Love you. Bye.
Jessica just got called
to cover a story.
Apparently.
the children’s hospital
that Toni was raising
money for just got a random
crypto donation for $20 million.
Huh. You don’t say.
Yeah. and the donation
was traced back
to Ronin from SociaScope.
Wasn’t he now being
investigated for tax evasion?
What if he dropped
a bunch of crypto
before the cops came knocking?
Max! Come on.
Did you steal
the money from Ronin?
I’m sorry.
I do not know that name.
Unbelievable.
Okay. my little
spaghetti monsters.
Who’s ready to make
a long-distance relationship
extremely uncomfortable?
Secure line. Adorable.
All right.
Fort Knox with a dial tone.
Let’s see how you feel about
a little temporary open house.
Don’t be shy.
It’s just a little handshake.
No dinner. no flowers.
Look at you cheating
on your firewall with me.
you naughty little minx.
Let’s see what you do
on the second date.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm